hit it
Jey she BL me
science you might have drugs in your
eyes she blind me science lady Babylon
bring you to the goddess chromatic
chronics snake people Something Wicked
This Way Comes come proo bottle people
for Black Sabbath Red Rum snake bending
from her legs merry purple fingers we a
wizard with a tree Lim wand elect Mo
shine bring the dawn Global Destruction
play on the yoyo I live in the dream on
the way of
Med do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling cauldron stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan cracking whps to your
ears from M's lips poisonous kiss black
arrows hit them off Dragon Venom lay you
down in the Tall Grass it only took one
drop you might have in your eyes she me
science you might have drugs in your
eyes Sheed me sence
welcome back to Lady Babylon I'm going
to be real still because we are still
working out our frequency here I want to
say we have a great show lined up for
you tonight and I have some really good
good good
material it's going to be
difficult I want you to take out your
adult
diapers and put them on on okay we don't
want any messes during this production I
want you to be that adult that I know
you can be right because you may during
this want to poop your
pants because the information is
overwhelming tonight when we step off
that ship we're stepping right into the
thick of it I mean this is tough tonight
people this is really tough so I want
you to be as mature as possible is
scientific and I want you to set an
example I want you to set an example
let's say those members of the
congregation of Satan they they don't
joke
around they don't joke around we're
about the text we're about the reality
we're about the evidence we're not here
to buy
anything I know people are talking about
somebody's running
adverts on lady
Babylon right you knew you knew the
algorithm what does that tell us it
tells us we've gotten to a point that
somebody's going to want to hook us
right satanic congregation doesn't do
that right so I just want you to know
that's not from me that's not from me
that's the bonus that you get coming
here right is we don't
have adverts we're not trying to sell
you
anything this is pure baby this is pure
what we've
got
fantastic fantastic now before we begin
I just have an update that a lot of
people have been asking about I've been
asking about so go ahead bring him up I
want to bring up Wes Hoff one more time
I want to bring him up because everybody
is saying
hey
westoff right meat almond at a
place at a cage where we
may put everything out on the
line yeah yeah what
happened was Wes beat up on some other
guy and this other guy oh God there's
lawsuits and all sorts of thing there's
so so
much
merchandising that it becomes about
money when Justice becomes about
money she
leaves satanic Cong
conation none of this as you
know has been about
money this is the pure
baby I'm only going to give you the pure
so people are saying hey
alond debate
him talk
to again right we invited him once and
he said no long time ago this is all
through Danny Joon
Danny Jones is a
referee would be
fantastic would be
gorgeous so what did I
do you know me satanic
congregation what did I do I asked Danny
to invite Wes
again now that he's doing his Victory
lap right he he just brought somebody
low in a wrestling Arena where he used
his skill he used his
skill
oh can you see the skill coming out of
him it was apparently heroic I don't
know yeah but what I do know is this
weekend I asked Danny Jones Danny Jones
man of
metal tell me where is the Metallica of
pharmacon oh
God do you love this stuff anywh who I
said hey Danny in invite him invite him
let's have a go round come on now it's
time you said something you you talk
trash buddy you stepped into a
professional Arena and you talked trash
you put things in my mouth that weren't
there it's the best that you could do
because you you got no defenses for the
sources those things are like
lightsabers they go right through
you oh
Wes Wes let's do it buddy let's do it
Danny asked Wes and Wes once
again oh he's so
busy he's so busy that he just can't
commit
the
cowardice is amazing and
typical it's
typical right in Antiquity you had
battles between
pagans who were all about the classical
tradition and you had Christians and you
know what they did they
engaged in the
spirit of reason
they
engaged now what do they do people they
run they run do you see me I am a giant
and no one can stand before me not the
head of Dallas Theological seminaries
Greek program and certainly not this
guy why because I drank their
blood I drink it I love love it it's
from Lady Babylon and I love it and it
makes my soul
alive it makes my soul
alive oh
God it's from the oyster Mania that we
find her voice that
penetrates every faith
it's gorgeousness and
gorgeios so you know um Wes is still
afraid he won't step into the
professional Arena and I'm
sure I'm sure the people that put him up
there so that they could advertise they
could flash this up um
debunk right
debunked Mr Julian what's his name
debunk is the title that you ran I'm
talking to you you Mafia loving
[ __ ] your virtues are virtues of murder
lying in
thievery and you sir and your
minion are cowards and cannot stand
before the classical tradition you
cannot
stand before the classical tradition I
will bring you all
low I am
Ammon that's fantastic oh give me the
I'm sorry I really went there this time
holy mackerel did you see that Timmy no
oh Jimmy you show your enemy you show
them and what do they do they run you
know what that was some kind of demon
from new
Zealand crept in I understand why you
make that
face you do it to scare those
English those English footballers don't
you don't you oh God no I'm sorry what
what was the match oh God I think it was
some kind of ball game did they execute
the losers oh you you might as well man
you know what I mean look at him look
what happens to him okay we're
restricted we're in Imperial space
tonight people so we have to run and I'm
G to bring you bring us up the first
star chart go ahead yeah here it is
people I'm going to translate for you
this is Bible tonight right and they
brought to him children little ones in
order that he might hop
so wait hopto my he might hop to I then
is that the is that the verb yeah it is
what does that mean give me the next one
what does it mean people were
bringing infants to Jesus and by the way
the finale tonight is the big if you're
sitting there and you've only got 10
minutes fast forward to the finale you
won't be able to sleep well I promise I
promise people it's an item
delivering what is this HTO people look
it's what to fasten or
bind right to join to have a
juncture okay this is what Jesus is
doing with these little
kids yes he's joining them he is like
the wrestler he is engaging with him
with them and look here let's not let's
not forget this he is fastening himself
to he is taking hold of do you see all
the all the parameters all the borders
next one all the possibilities for this
words development you can even just set
to do something right but finally I want
you to
see I want you to see it's also a
verb particularly used in the
Bible a
contemporary right of our documents
right to mean
intercourse intercourse I'm going to
translate for you the Bible tonight and
you're going to be shocked that it says
what it does you're G to be shocked the
difference is we're going back to the
sources those places that Wes talks
about we're going back to them are you
ready yes kitties look at Jesus look at
him what's he doing in a public park
at 4 a.m. with naked kid and a bunch of
passed out
students bunch of passed out students he
tried to wake them up three times he
tried to wake them up three times right
but that's what
happens oh God it's those cultists right
this is is this the first this is uh
First Corinthians
71 yeah um concerning things you've
written about it is
good for a
man
not to H to HTO my AOS a woman it is
good to not do this verb that Jesus is
doing to
children do you
understand okay HTO my let's keep going
let's keep going it's burning up tonight
we have to make a pace right now what
else does Paul tell us right this is his
sex chapter by the way um because how do
you say that um there is no separation
between the sex and the religion do you
understand sexuality is a holy act and
you say wait a minute the sanctity of
marriage right you know it doesn't say
that it doesn't actually say
that right the sanctity of
marriage
yeah little bit of something came up
there what are we talking
about Paul the Apostle can you tell
us
right
right what is not
good keeping from somebody else
something that they
need yeah don't do this
ladies don't do it fellas give me the
next one right um are you sure this is
Paul the Apostle yeah this is the real
one not the one that your church has
been teaching you about this is the one
that hung around with the young guys
okay I'm going to show you the
trade of the lce stas at the end of
tonight's session which I've got to make
it on time so I'm G to be I'm G to be as
focused as I possibly can uh give me the
next one chewy give me the next Oney but
what does Paul
say right right so you can under an
agreement right with somebody according
to a certain
time you could say we're going to
abstain from any sort of sexuality
between us
right when you want to pray right and
then afterwards when you're done doing
whatever you want to do right um but all
of this is done in order that
Satan doesn't
tempt you doesn't try you doesn't test
you um I'm
sorry what is the significance of this
verse the significance is that Satan is
represented over and over again as he is
with the
orix as sexual desire
fire yeah yeah you're looking at him
right in the eyes right in the
eyes right do you understand okay thank
you Paul appreciate that appreciate that
bro right
um yeah uh go back we didn't finish the
passage boom yeah and what is it what is
it that Paul knows he knows look at that
last line he that you have
AIA right Paul is trying to
shephered and you have AC and what is
that chewy show us right this is
AKA right um the tow and the sigma are
interchangeable don't worry about that
um if you want to talk about pans we can
but we don't have time what is it it's
want of power or ility and look what
it's in reference to the neon do you
know what the neon or the do you know
what they do they transmit that energy
that is your desire your
epia right your sexual desire the Nea
transmits that those are the strings of
your
liar those are the strings of your or
liar do you understand the mystery do
you understand it godamn it bring it
bring that Earth
drug bring the Metallica
Pharma do you understand you do it
through that
string
fantastic Zeus lost
his yeah
and the guitar player got him
back isn't that funny isn't that funny
now you understand right with all the
interplay of woohoo those NS got to love
them give me give me the next
one this is Paul again okay so he he
says look now I'm gonna translate this
people hold on because you know here's
what I want to say you haven't read the
Bible you haven't you maybe you've been
sitting in church for years and you
haven't read the Bible and to read it to
you for the first time it's it's I don't
know I'm sorry it gives me pleasure it
gives me pleasure I don't know call it a
form of you know foreplay Ry
intellectual
foreplay read these people the text that
they never read but you've heard a lot
about Jesus and all of these people
you've heard a lot about Paul I'm gonna
I'm I'm going to give you his words in
this one verse that are going to shock
you they're going to shock
you if you can't control
yourself
banana if you can't control yourself I
would insert the f word if this were not
such a friendly
place do you understand if you can't
control yourself you go ahead and
F do you understand for all the for
everybody out there
flate florid
dat right if you can't control yourself
then just go out and Flor a date because
it's better to fluoridate than to burn
with that
epia that stuff gets in your body and
you've got to get rid of
it oh my God thank you Paul thank you
Paul for that I appreciate it I
understand why you're with your boys
Paul I get it and I understand that
you're on the Venom totally immune to
those Viper toxins right proved once she
got bitten right didn't do anything yeah
fantastic just like the Priestess to
show you right you got it you were in
the temple you understand you understand
the traditions of the temple oh God it's
gorgeous give me the next one hey there
Timmy is that Timmy I think that was
Timmy was that Timmy right okay so a man
who is
Unfaithful right who doesn't have his
faith that man is made holy in his
lady and the lady who is Unholy she's
made holy in her
brother oh God did you have to you
thought it was going to be such a nice
landing and then it just boom right into
the ground big explosion right chewy big
explosion oh that poor person what are
we talking about people we're talking
about a my
cult the Romans are arresting these
people for having
sex within their own families do you
know what they call each other brother
and
sister oh God if the lights are out you
can be there with relatives
dude do you understand and these are sex
Cults because if you remember the Christ
of Jesus Christ is the application of a
sex
drug if you don't want to believe Ides I
don't care I don't care where you put
your walls up and that's the problem
with huff and that's the problem with
Kip and that's the problem with
Dan is I go right through their walls I
go right through it I love it do you see
what power the devil has given me do you
see it's gorgeous you know why you know
why right Dawn brers baby Dawn Bringers
right who's what's the thing that I've
got on the devil what's the thing that
I've got on the devil I know his
weakness
yeah he saw Eve and he told her the
truth he told her the truth you know why
oh God do you understand the
mystery do you understand the mystery
you know who the devil is he's
AOS from the
beginning and that's why you see these
associations with sex and the
devil right do you understand he's got
those weighing
and those
arrows oh god let's bring the
lightbringer baby and that's why Jesus
is so envious and wants to please please
says Jesus shut up Jesus please let me
be a lightbringer and I'll wear my
golden
bra wait did Jesus said that
yeah yeah he did right he's the the
Morning store
baby I can't wait you know what they
what they expect it says he comes back
he's in drag bro what what were you
expecting you know why oh I I'm sorry I
forgot because you haven't read these
texts bring them back up what was that
bring the last one let's make sure we
got all of that yeah oh God and then he
gets into the children talking about
them being a
right you recognize that term by now
right
polluted polluted do you know what it
requires to unpollute
children and everybody just went oh God
right right okay let's keep going let's
keep going boom give me the next one
where is this one it's First Corinthians
again look what what does it come down
to says Paul you have been bought with a
price remember who were the earliest
Christians they're slaves are there a
lot of sex slaves with them like Peter
James and John and those two underage
prostitutes that identified them or as
they used to say in detective work
fingered
them yeah these prostitutes do you want
to see them tonight I'm going to bring
them alive for you I'm going to bring
them alive and it's going to shock and
horrify you and this is all
contemporary with
Jesus all the
sources fantastic you got no excuses for
those morons out there who think Co is a
different language from classical Greek
you
morons give me the next
one here he is Paul again
now oh God and by the way this
conditional blows it's really that you
can tell just from the Greek at this
point how
common uh it's
become yeah because this conditional
blows all of my students who are in
Greek check this thing out it totally
blows right um it's basically a mixed
where he drops the apothesis makes no
sense right so he says if you banana
you don't do
wrong yeah and if there's a virgin says
Paul right right and
she bananas she doesn't do
wrong but let me tell you he says these
people who do
this they have a real struggle in their
flesh a real form of op oppression and
I'm trying to keep you from
it once Paul shows us that once you get
the taste you cannot give it up P
Diddy do you
understand that's from
Paul Paul the
[Music]
Apostle yeah next next and you thought
these Christian documents were boring
what is it that the girls who are
engaging what is it that they
get they get an
oppression an Affliction in the
flesh do you understand what that means
no not if you don't look at sources from
Antiquity it is
sexual are you going to eat the flesh
offered to idols and everybody's like oh
it means hamburgers nope it
doesn't it doesn't and that's why all
the
conflicts that's
why do you understand that in order to
eat her flesh you have to enter into a
communion that is
chemical and religious at the same time
combined into one musical
Symphony Eat My Flesh and drink my
blood uhhuh fantastic next we're doing
good we got TW we got uh 25 minutes left
chewy yeah okay so at the end of this
section it says and if someone Paul says
if someone should put aside a
relationship right um and then go uh and
join an intercourse with another
person all right what happens they're
[ __ ]
Mo M I'm translating translating this
for you now look I'm going to give you a
couple of definitions mha which they
tell you it's like moo right but it
means to have a
diance to have a
diance okay um fine to
falsify to commit
adultery can be of mere sexual
intercourse but I want you to see here
to commit adultery again this is Moo
it's just a slightly altered form of the
word and look at the second
form to
worship to worship
idolatrous do you know what idolatry is
you morons think it's a bunch of people
I'm not talking to satanic satanic
congregation I'm talking to people who
are biblically
educated right you morons think that
it's because you've been watching too
much Moses you morons are sitting there
think oh God what is idolators
oh to the image right you
idiots that's not idolatry you're
looking at it right here look at these
two they're entering into an idolatrous
relationship do you understand and the
Christians have to teach the people that
they are initiating that there is an
authority and a closeness and a and a
compatibility in this right that allows
them to end up in public parks at 4:00
a. with naked boys talking about cups
that have put them into moods where
their mind is
confused and they're they're paranoid
and talking about I'm going to get
scandalized I'm going to get scandalized
and then there's this naked kid running
around with Jesus in the garden P Diddy
do you
understand there is a sexual
element and that is why Jesus
says send the
kitties send the kitties
give it to me give it to me people don't
believe it the last one that was long we
didn't finish that one um I want to make
sure that we finish that one yeah go
ahead I think it was all the way it had
two sections go oh are we
slow we're slow on the uptake now aren't
we well people sit back and let me just
tell you a few things as this comes up
on my screen which it's not which which
it's not I'm sorry I'm sorry look we
have a mission I bet we're not even
there I bet in a minute it shows us we
haven't even materialized oh God okay
people go take your potty here it is
never mind come back from your potty
break hold
it right
and so what does he say um look at
number
13 and they brought to him these
children in order that he might
uh excuse me may um touch in order that
he may make that connection wrestle
engage in order that he may use his
hands on the children and what did his
students do his ma time they said This
is
BS they said This is BS and they berated
him and when he saw what was going on
Jesus got really really mad give me the
next one really really
mad
yeah yeah next one
boom and so he gets really really mad
and what does he do he says to them you
let these little kids come to me right
let them come to
me don't prevent
them right for this is the kingdom of
God well what do you mean jesz you
yelling at your teenage boys there
yelling on your teenage boys who were
suddenly ticked that you're doing
something with children that's going to
get you
scandalized okay you're doing it right
out in the open as they're bringing
their kids and the apostles by the way
these are infants and the apostles are
not happy I'm going to show you what
Jesus Does I'm going to show you what he
actually does give it to me Chewy we've
got uh yep we've got
20 oh yeah we're getting bad responses
from the sources people I really
apologize it takes a while for them to
come up right we're getting on close
traffic time so we're down to about 4
MVPs point4 sorry sorry j says point4
can you believe that that it's a miracle
it's the miracle of Amen the fact that I
oh there it is shut up amen he says he
says amen he says say my name Jesus and
he does look at him
amen right leg men I say to you right
this is Jesus he says
whoever whoever receives the kingdom of
God like these little children that I'm
handling right
right that's the person who enters the
kingdom he says people who don't they
don't get there they don't get
there you mean if I haven't been handled
by
Jesus and now how people wiggle out of
this is the hor
Pon right all the translators you can
follow the translations are hilarious
right you can follow them just to see
how bad they are
right so they'll put things like in the
State of Mind of a child people who
don't enter the right via the the the
mind of a child the mindset of a child
let's throw that in
there no no you get
felt it's part of the right do you
understand I heard some Templars lately
trying to make their image
better read the Papyrus through um read
the thing that's that talks about what
they
did uhhuh the things that they were
revealing under interrogation I don't
care if you think it's
false yeah look we don't take you know
the Templars can do the same thing that
the um evangelicals can do the Catholics
can do Orthodox jewry right Muslim
devout Muslim
right same thing it's the same walk on
the same side every
time every
time yeah yeah the important thing is to
say um we we are not going to erect
walls around holy books or holy sources
without considering other things around
them that's not good science that's not
good science
yeah debunking
Alon right debunking
seriously right what you will do for
cash is
extraordinary it's
extraordinary but Wesley Huff please son
don't keep running away you're gonna
have to turn and face your Boogeyman
sometime and I'm glad to be there Wesley
to drink your blood I'm glad to as a
classical philologist I'm glad to coward
let's do it he'll never come right he'll
never he'll never come people what is
Jesus doing here's the verse it's
disturbing I'm
sorry throwing his arms around the
little kitties he Praises them as he
touches them with his
hands he calls out the parts that he
finds So Glorious not only that but it's
intensively to praise right it's not
just eulogy it's serious serious praise
kind of a sick twisted thing that you do
if somebody handed me their kid their
infant in a public park and wanted me to
rub them all over and talk about how
great the things were that I was rubbing
like Jesus do you think that I would be
loud
anywhere um I'd have to have some kind
of bracelet on that you know my head
explodes if I step too far out of out of
you know what I mean get within 50 feet
of a school and some laser from some
Satellite turns me into a pile of Ash
right something like
that these are the things that Jesus
does and you haven't seen them because
you have
you've not read the
Bible the greatest
compliment one of the greatest
compliments I had as a
student uh not as a student as a
professor was from a student who said
you were right Dr Helman you were right
I said what I was right about what man
I'm right a lot man what are you talking
about is it surprising you and he was
like no no no it's just because you were
right about what you said on the first
day I said what did I say on the first
day he said this is in seminary he said
you said to an entire class of freshman
at a seminary you have not read the
Bible you've not read the Bible and he
tell me he said you were right as he's
graduating he says you're right
man yeah that's what I'm doing now it's
my job it's my job and I'm honored to be
able to do it 15 minutes chewy hit me
with an ex one let's get them all the
good stuff I'll skip that let's go next
one look at that we're just cutting
which're is First Corinthians right look
Paul's saying you've had a lot of
teachers right who is Jesus here by the
way he's a
pedagogue what is a pagon somebody who
takes around
children right like we're talking
primary
education right so he says look you can
have a lot of these pedagogues in
Christ right in that
state but you've only got you don't have
many fathers right oh
god seriously he's like oh yeah I be I I
brought you into this world baby through
the
gospel right it's getting all weird I
just I thought it was interesting um the
whole comparison with the pedagogues
right the people who take children to
school and make sure that they get to
all their lessons that that kind of
thing
fantastic now you know what we're gonna
have to do take off for the last Galaxy
I want you to hit no I want you to hit
this one this one yeah hit it chewy this
is it they've got to have the climax now
okay people hold on hold on to your
stomachs are you ready I think this is
it I'm so excited I can't wait to give
this to you I can't wait to give it to
you it's so now I know you can probably
see this before I do but you got to give
me a
second who is this who is this this is
sutus this is sutus a Roman historian
Roman historian and he writes
biographies and this is from his
biography of
Tiberius and Tiberius is
ruling at the time when Jesus is living
right do you understand they are exact
contemporaries blow it up they're exact
contemporar so I just want to read to
you when Tiberius retired to the island
of
Capri he had an idea to set up this
special
room um it it's going to be the
seat of the
Arcane
lust right it is the Arcane rights that
have to do with
libido and in these things what did he
do in in these rights what did he do he
got these girls and these boys there's
all flocks of these I you got to blow it
up fls of these things right and they
were going to perform these
acts right and you know these acts are
oh god um it's it's hard to do this to
even and tell you about it right he's
going to tell you that in a minute um
but then he says he called these kids
his
spinas his spin Trias now that doesn't
have any effect on your ear because you
didn't you haven't spent time in
Antiquity right we got to all go there
give me the next give me the next slide
now you know what don't it t well go
ahead go ahead oh oh look it came up
right away no but that's the wrong one
what are these boys what are these boys
just to show you they're ones that have
gained their full bloom right they're
all the way to that ripeness do you
understand that's what he's looking for
okay now give me the next one what did
he call them he called them this are you
ready oh God now take a look at that I
know it's com it's not coming up for me
but I want you to take a look at it and
I want want you to take a look at the
Greek
[Music]
sphin yeah the contractile muscle of the
anus right I I dare you to find the word
for that I dare you to find the word for
that in Hebrew ancient Hebrew not modern
ancient Hebrew I'm sure modern Hebrew
has sphincter but um ancient Hebrew no
way dude no way it's way too technically
Advanced right right way too technically
Advanced it's got stay out of the
stories here's Capri right got Capri
there um gorgeous gorgeous so this is
why ter now we got let's continue the
narrative what's he doing what else is
he doing oh well um here's the palace
right it's nice so for people who
thought this was myth no no no we're
talking about history and here's the
place right here's the Tiberian Palace
gorgeous I know some of you have been
there right some of you have been there
and you've seen the place well what else
does he do with these kids that he calls
his
sphincters he says he sets them up and
triplicate right and so that he can
watch them as they
perform acts of
sexuality engage each other and as he's
watching them he becomes excited and
libidinous because his beo is infamously
troublesome it takes a
lot it takes a lot you would expect
somebody who has been
christing to have problems just like
this and these aren't the only chemical
problems from aphrodesiac that we see
Avid talks about it yeah so it's like a
if you take the drugs that make you
aroused
right both masculine and feminine if you
take the afrod DCS that make you aroused
um and when they shut down you have like
a refractory you have like a oh it's
it's harder for you to reach the same
level
of anticipation and whatnot with those
on board right with I mean without those
on board you got to go back to the drugs
right you got to use it's because you're
screwing with your receptors and all
that kind of stuff right they understood
that the doctors understood about
overdosing and all that kind of stuff
get me back to that text hurry what is
he doing we got to hustle we got to
hustle tonight people I'm sorry I'm on a
I'm on a limit tonight so he it just
says he also has kubula he's also got
these um bedrooms where he's got these
tablets right and these statues and
pictures of all these sexy sexy figures
and little statuettes doing sexy stuff
and he's got the book
of
elephantis and who is elephantis we'll
end that one with that who is elephantis
oh God you got to love this lady she's a
doctor Midwife from the first century BC
so she's right up there right up close
to exactly where we are in
time yeah okay exactly where we are in
time and she's a doctor Midwife but what
does she write look at all the Scrolls
you know what she writes she writes
books
about
sex she writes books and they have very
famously pictures illustrations why
would you want illustrations because you
got to have a library if you're going to
pursue the sexuality of the mystery and
Christ then you have you're gonna have
to have some kind of instruction do you
understand why Jesus was arrested in a
public park with a naked kid saying I am
not a
l at the time that all of this is
happening at the time that all of this
is happening Rome is
fighting this organized piracy of
humanity they're fighting
it and Tiberius is using the trade is
using a trade I'm going to show you how
does he get all these children didn't
you wonder what where did he get
children there's an active black market
for them right I'm going to show you
what else give me the next one but the
great thing is is
elephantis is this um is this great
intellect who's writing about sexuality
that everybody else is
reading okay this is so far Advanced
from everybody around them right oh God
it's gorgeous it's gorgeous fan
Fantastic ICS you know what the what um
by the way this woman is in Galen as
well he talks about her as well she's
right smack dab in the middle of a whole
bunch of other male
physicans talking about what the best
drugs are right your drug knowledge was
supposed to be fantastic right of course
now this is the last one I'm going to
bring you but I want you know I'm this
is it this is the last one I'm going to
bring you and I uh
uh give me this one
Chey boom right I I did it yeah okay um
it's gonna take a second to come up
people um but I want to show you what
the draw was for the trade of these
children and you can see it with
tiberious and um he did something it
says I'm transl he did something it just
made things worse you know the he was
this was Infamous and you know I can um
I can barely listen to this stuff much
less you know even believe it right um
but this is what he did he took boys of
their very tender
youth whom he called his little fishies
and he instructed them right so that
they would
swim around him and take little nibbly
bibbles out of his chinalia just very
gently they would play this little game
with him right right and much worse even
worse than this now I'm going to read
this to you people from the Latin and I
want you to hold on to your stomach and
I'm going to do this as professionally
and respectfully as I can because when
he was done with these he he just
disposed of them okay these are
disposables that we're talking about now
right um what what did he
do he took
infants who were
FES who were fed up right Fed Up not not
just brand new newborns but fed
up
maybe maybe a year to 18 months
something like that right he took these
and again from the black market and what
does he do well they're not quite yet
done with they haven't been weaned so he
takes them before they're weaned and he
applies
them to his
groin and they will act as if they are
um
nursing
right and this thing is seen as kind of
natural for that St age anyway it's a
part of the nature of that age and so he
uses that he uses that okay so in
addition to his Gros take it down Che
that's the probably the
roughest most difficult passage that I
have ever had to
translate right but that is
sutus and that is Roman history of what
is happening at the same time that
Jesus is functioning and Jesus is saying
when he gets captured by the Roman
military so you could say the SWAT team
that catches him in a public park at
4:00 a with a naked
[Music]
kid now you understand what all the
touching what all the grooming was for
now you understand why Jesus was saying
I'm going to get caught I'm going to get
scandalized right everybody's going to
abandon me because I am going to get
scandalized now you understand why there
was a
mob that wanted to kill him worse than a
murderer now you know why they crucified
him with the
other lace diey
now you
know thank you for coming tonight I
appreciate the fact that you
are more than willing to donate your
time to these sources I recognize that
and I honor you for that satanic
congregation I appreciate it and I say
have a good evening I'll see you Friday
hail
Satan in the play My Blue Lady of the
Lake fly this way P by
dragons
chanting singing with The Muse in the
blizzard of
bars we can get a light Cruiser from the
Cantina
Bar D Bringers root
Cutters H C diesel truckers
chicka fromia
all about it on a
Mia diesel haing pills you on them she
eats them babies donut assassin black
goo got some on you Wicked craft the
arrow FLW
amazona
Faria purple drugs in the eyes Jesus
Christ you might have J in your eyes she
CL in me sence
you might have jokes in your eyes She
Blinded Me With
Science you might have Jes to your eyes
Sheed me
science you might have jok in your eyes
She Blinded Me With Science